suggested 5.8.1 changelog edits (#6848)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- An unexpected exception was thrown when switching to readonly mode and adjusting the editor width #TINY-6383

> - Block elements containing a pagebreak could be removed from the editor content #TINY-3388

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Content could be lost when the `pagebreak_split_block` setting was enabled #TINY-3388
```
Missed this in review, but this is a bit misleading. I think the above would be better/more accurate.
